This is the first document.
This document is the second document.
And this is the third one.
Is this the first document?
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
To be or not to be, that is the question.
All that glitters is not gold.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Actions speak louder than words.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
You can’t judge a book by its cover.
Better late than never.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Don’t bite the hand that feeds you.
Practice makes perfect.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
The early bird catches the worm.
Fortune favors the bold.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Actions speak louder than words.
All good things must come to an end.
Beggars can’t be choosers.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Blood is thicker than water.
Cross that bridge when you come to it.
Don’t count your chickens before they hatch.
Don’t put all your eggs in one basket.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Good things come to those who wait.
Haste makes waste.
Hope for the best, prepare for the worst.
If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.
If you can’t beat them, join them.
It takes two to tango.
Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.
Knowledge is power.
Laughter is the best medicine.
Look before you leap.
Money doesn’t grow on trees.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
No pain, no gain.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Rome wasn’t built in a day.
Strike while the iron is hot.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
Time heals all wounds.
Two heads are better than one.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
Where there’s smoke, there’s fire.
You can’t have your cake and eat it too.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can’t make it drink.
You reap what you sow.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
Where there is love, there is life.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal.
It's not the years in your life that count, it’s the life in your years.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened.
Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
To thine own self be true.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
The mind is everything. What you think, you become.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
Dream big and dare to fail.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.